Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
♪ Yeah. things are looking up ♪
♪ Oh. I could touch the sun ♪
♪ The darkest days are done ♪
♪ Let worries disappear ♪
♪ And forget all your fears ♪
♪ Things never felt so clear ♪
♪ Keep one foot
In front of the other ♪
♪ Don't pull back
Just keep moving further ♪
♪ So take a step.
Make a move. let's... ♪
♪ Some things go wrong ♪
♪ But life carries on ♪
♪ Yeah.
We'll be just fine ♪
♪ Hey. hey. hey ♪
♪ Forget your sorrows ♪
♪ Live for tomorrow ♪
♪ Enjoy the ride ♪
♪ One step at a time ♪
♪ We'll be all right tonight ♪
♪ We wear our colors proud ♪
♪ The brightest ones around ♪
♪ We're never looking down ♪
♪ So come along with me ♪
♪ We are the missing piece ♪
♪ It's such a sight to see.
So... ♪
♪ Some things go wrong ♪
♪ But life carries on ♪
♪ Yeah. we'll be just fine ♪
♪ Hey. hey. hey ♪
♪ Forget your sorrows ♪
♪ Live for tomorrow ♪
♪ Enjoy the ride ♪
♪ One step at a time ♪
♪ We'll be all right tonight ♪
♪ Some things go wrong.
but life carries on ♪
♪ Yeah. we'll be just fine ♪
♪ We're gonna be just fine ♪
-♪ Forget your sorrows ♪
-You're going away?
-Be back soon.
- ♪ Live for tomorrow ♪
♪ Enjoy the ride ♪
♪ Take your time
Enjoy the ride ♪
♪ Some things so wrong.
But life carries on ♪
♪ Yeah. we'll be just fine ♪
♪ Hey. hey. hey ♪
♪ Forget your sorrows ♪
♪ Live for tomorrow ♪
♪ Enjoy the ride ♪
♪ Take your time
Enjoy the ride ♪
-♪ One step at a time ♪
-Hello.
♪ We'll be all right tonight ♪
-Jason.
-Jessie.
Oh. good to see you.
All right.
Good morning. guys.
How's everybody doing?
That good. huh. Jason?
Thank you for that.
That's the last one
of those. okay?
Hey.
Hey. Tap him
on the shoulder. please.
Young man.
This is not daycare.
-Then I'm in the wrong place.
Mr. Faulk. why are we
in this classroom?
Because this is where
I put you.
Get off the cell
or it's gonna be mine.
Got it? Okay. Good.
Now. please answer
when I call all of your names.
Okay. Mr. Faulk.
I'll take it from here.
Hold on a second. I'm busy here.
I'm taking attendance.
Bro. there's like
six of us here.
Yeah. Mr. Faulk.
why are you here today?
Exactly what I was thinking.
Okay. kids.
The real question...
is why are you all here today?
I take this class.
Mr. Faulk.
we're all very grateful
for your sacrifice.
These are called
school rules. okay?
I take attendance
and then I fill out this form.
That's the way it works. guys.
Nobody cuts.
Nobody causes trouble.
All right. guys.
So anybody wanna do a warm up.
stretching. vocal exercises?
Come on. guys.
-Um. Mr. Faulk.
Mr. Faulk. Mr. Faulk.
You know like we do...
Excuse me. Not now.
I'm just wondering
about lunch.
Oh. yeah.
Actually. I. uh. need to eat
at least five times a day.
Hey. dude. I actually forgot
to pack my lunch this morning.
I'm actually wondering
when the exam would be done?
Also I definitely take
a pick for my--
What's going on?
Seriously?
Guys! Hello!
Wow. Maybe this is daycare.
Excuse me.
That's not really
proper attire. is it?
-A little creepy. dude.
-And you.
do you own a pair of shoes?
-Yeah.
-Put your feet on the floor.
-And button it up. okay?
-Uh. Mr. Faulk.
it's a Saturday.
All right. people.
Against my wishes.
you've all been given
a second chance.
So if you blow it. you will all
be in summer school.
Class. I'll be back
in a minute. Come on.
-What?
-Phil. what was that all about?
Just doing my job.
Oh. I'm thrilled to hear it.
Okay. Their attitude
is for shit.
-Oh. would you lighten up.
-And I heard about you.
What does that
supposed to mean?
I mean. the way you teach.
All of these.
The handholding
to a bunch of kids
that are too lazy
to do the work.
You know.
I heard about you. too.
-Oh. yeah?
-Yeah.
I heard that you went
to high school here
and that you were quite
the thespian
and not a bad singer.
Actually. I was a great singer
-till I came to my senses.
-Really? And--
And realized it was
a freaking waste of time.
-Much like acting class. okay?
Okay. I just need you to stay
out of my process today.
-Your process?
-Uh-hmm.
Okay. Well. you want
a handhold? Go ahead.
That's not the way it works
out there. Miranda.
Was that dramatic enough?
You were that girl
protesting last week
on the school lawn.
That was you.
It was for a good cause.
Knew it.
What are you looking at. huh?
Just the playbook?
It's called preparation.
Max. smile.
Hey. what are you doing?
Why? I can't take
no pictures of you?
No. you can't.
He won't be posting
any of that.
You know. why don't we all
take a group shot?
A group shot? For what?
Don't we just sign
like a release or something?
I'm kidding. guys.
-Yeah. Good joke.
-Yes. that's jokes.
No. Come on.
I'm serious. Come on.
-Let's do it. You in?
-You know what? Sure.
-Why not?
-And she with it.
Come on. boy.
Move around.
Yeah. She wants
to take a picture.
Let's go. guys. Get up.
-Come on.
-Get up off your asses.
-Go.
-Please?
-Come on. boys.
-Stop touching me.
-Okay.
-All right. Jessie.
Do you want to take
the picture?
Sure. Okay.
I'll just...
Okay. I don't look too good.
Okay.
All right. I think
we got some good ones.
Got it? Yeah.
Send that to Faulk. yeah.
So I hear...
golden boy. he's been scouted.
big shot now.
Yeah. What.
you jealous. Tarzan?
No.
Why aren't you
on the field today. huh?
Same reason we're all here.
What other reason
would there be?
Why don't you get this
out of my face. huh?
What's your problem?
I got a few.
You wanna hear about 'em?
No. you don't.
I can see this is gonna be
a fun-filled day.
But why are you
in this class. huh?
Did you stand in the wrong line?
Yeah. Maybe I did.
why do you care?
Well. I sense a humor
in this guy.
I'll show you
my sense of humor.
Easy. boy.
Easy. Okay?
I'm just breaking the ice.
Hey. will you be like this
all day or what?
Warming up my man.
You know. Push me.
I'll blow this whole
fucking place up.
-Excuse me?
Don't let Faulk
hear you talking like that.
Oh. fuck him.
You're an idiot. Jason.
-Oh. yeah?
-Gonna lay here all day.
Why?
You gonna get on top?
-Oh. my God. you wish.
-Uh-hmm.
Okay. Listen.
I'm sick of this act.
I want you back in your seat
right now
or I'm gonna throw you
out of the school.
You have three seconds.
One. two. seated.
Thank you.
All right.
Listen up. children.
There's something
I wanna tell you guys.
I wanna make it very--
Excuse me. young lady.
School rules.
We discussed
this a few minutes ago.
Please put the phone away
and no taking pictures.
Wow. Do you have one
for everybody?
-I'm hungry.
-Put the granola away. please.
Thank you.
Okay. Ms. Long's got it.
All right. guys.
Anyone remember this assignment.
this make up exam
that we're all here for?
Huh?
So. if you recall.
I asked you to create
a character for a scene today.
Each one of you
is gonna get up there
and explain your choices.
how you got there and why.
And then. you know.
what's coming next. Come on.
Gonna assign you
a scene partner.
Scene partners?
-I have a question.
-What is it?
How do we do that?
Allie. the same way
we've been doing it all year.
except this time.
no script and no excuses.
Better clear my calendar. huh?
So no script?
Improvisation.
-Improvisation.
-And then we go home?
Why can't you just
hand out scenes?
Because. like I said.
it's about what you've learned.
And not only that.
it's about connecting
to the character. okay.
Using your imagination.
It should take everybody
about a minute.
Mr. Faulk. you're not helping.
Yeah. What's with the partners?
I'm going to assign them
to you in a minute
and then you have one hour
to write it up.
Did any of you actually
attend this class or what?
You will draw
on experiences
from your real lives.
-What if your life sucks?
-Then your scene sucks.
That's stupid.
I hope not.
I blew a Saturday for this?
-You tell him.
-Okay. guys. Listen.
Just try to get
all the world's troubles
out of your head today. okay?
Oh. but then somehow
y'all old ass
-is always screwed up for.
-Exactly.
Can we just not do that today.
please?
I've been there.
Look inward.
Those feelings.
those emotions.
Uh. you might need
to describe emotions
because he's only got one
and it's anger.
All right. guys. Come on.
Help each other out. all right?
Support each other
and push each other a little.
You may not like
what you find.
Michael.
since you're speaking up.
you get paired up first.
You will go with Allie.
-Why me?
-Casey.
-you are gonna work with Jason.
-Oh.
What? Oh. honey.
I'm doing you a favor.
-Yeah?
-Guess. that leaves us.
-Good guess.
-Wonderful.
-Ms. Long--
-Ms. Long.
-Yes. yes. Jessie.
-All right.
Do we really have to work with--
Are you some kind
of fucking prize?
Hey. Language.
young man. please.
Keep it clean. okay?
Guys. guys. I hope
you put as much energy
into your scenes
as you're doing.
trying to avoid them.
Hey. Mr. Faulk. Mr. Faulk.
-You need to get to work.
-No. no. serious.
-I got a question.
-No. you're not serious.
-Yeah. yeah. yeah.
-You don't have any questions.
-Yeah.
-And there's no recess. okay?
-How did he know?
-Hey. you're listening.
All right. guys. guys.
you've got one hour
on the clock. okay?
-Question. Ms. Long.
-Hey.
-Yes.
-Whatever--
we're about to do this?
What you're about to do
right now?
-Yeah.
-Yeah. Or. you know. like.
whatever you're talking about.
Okay. That's a serious question.
Look. guys.
I never said
it was gonna be easy.
You didn't answer
the question.
Yes.
Yes. I have.
Okay. As I was saying.
one hour on the clock.
Ready?
-Yeah.
-You ready?
-You're gonna bring it?
-I'm gonna bring it.
All right. Awesome.
I'm not as dumb as I look.
Phil. I asked you
kindly to please stay out of it.
You know. if this was
during the week. yeah.
-But. uh. today they're mine.
-You know what?
I'm just trying to instill
trust. if there is all.
Without it they stay walled off.
Okay. But you're wasting
not only your time.
but my Saturday. okay?
Oh. that's a cool idea.
You know what?
Why don't you go golfing
and I'll tell him
-you were here today.
-You wish.
-I do.
-Okay. Well. my job is to tell
this principal that
these misfits showed up.
did their assignments.
passed or failed.
whatever that's worth. okay?
You have a lot
to learn about--
well. a lot.
No. Actually.
what you need to learn
is that I'm tenure.
you're adjunct.
Tenure. adjunct. okay?
You failed them.
You brought them here.
You do the daycare.
♪ I got a demon ♪
♪ In the back of my mind ♪
♪ I got a soul somewhere ♪
♪ I'm trying to find ♪
♪ I got a funhouse made
Saints and sinners ♪
♪ I see you
When I look in my eyes ♪
♪ Yeah. I got some demons ♪
♪ And we're all doing fine ♪
I'm trying to work here.
jack off.
You want a hit?
Okay. You will miss out.
♪ In the back of my mind ♪
♪ Yeah. I got some demons ♪
♪ And we're all doing fine ♪
♪ I'm not your hero ♪
♪ And you're out of time ♪
♪ I'm just a shadow ♪
Does anybody know what
we're supposed to be doing?
We write the paper. I guess.
Someone should blow up
this school.
Second time you've said
something like that.
Why do you think that's funny?
Do you see me laughing?
-Dude. you got issues.
-Who the hell doesn't?
Is this something
we need to worry about?
Relax.
I'm just saying.
We're supposed to report
language like that. aren't we?
What's your problem.
anyway. huh?
We're supposed
to get to know each other?
We hear enough
of that shit out there.
She's right. Columbine.
-Now. give it a rest.
-So now. you know me.
I don't think
I wanna know him.
What are you doing?
What does it look like
I'm doing? I'm stretching.
Phil. wait up.
Look. I don't wanna
argue with you.
Okay. then don't.
But you know that
what they need to do
in there today isn't easy.
What algebra and biology?
That's not easy.
Art. acting.
freedom of expression.
Oh. my God. I mean.
it's so important for growth.
Don't you get it?
Okay. Then tell me why
those are the first classes
they cut
when the budget's tight?
Oh. my God. That's such
an ignorant statement.
Well. I think you're running
a sensitivity class up there.
Do you ever say
anything constructive?
Yeah. I'd say
fail the whole bunch
-and call it a day.
-Just let me do my thing.
I call that handholding.
-I call that teaching.
-Whatever.
Always walk around
with that attitude?
You always walk around
like yourself?
Fuck you.
I can't believe you.
You started it.
-Really?
-Yeah.
That shit don't work on me.
And what does?
Guys.
Try to do the assignment.
Yeah. keep it down.
cockazaoid.
You think life
is really worth living
with all this stress?
See something. say something?
No?
College boy.
You still talking?
No one is interested. okay?
Guys.
Mr. Faulk is probably
right outside the door
with his ear to it.
Why the fuck
would he be doing that?
I don't know.
But he's creepy.
Some of us actually
has something to lose.
-Thank you. Max.
-Like what?
You're drinking at school?
Are you kidding?
You're gonna get
everyone here in trouble.
-I hope you know that.
-All right. You need to relax.
-I say go for it.
-Back off right now.
No. I'm not gonna
sit back down.
Oh. great. Now everybody's up.
Thanks a lot.
-Just sit back down then.
-I can't believe this.
-You bring liquor. asshole?
-Get out of my face.
I'm not gonna get out
of your face.
-It's everyone's problem.
-No. it's not.
Now why don't you sit
back down. tough guy?
Why don't you put that back
in your bag. huh?
Get back. man. It's just not
that big of a deal.
No. I'm not gonna chill.
He could have everyone expelled.
Expelled for shit. huh?
Guys.
they could come in.
All right. it's gone.
You happy now?
That's messed up.
Messed up. huh?
That's what I thought.
When Faulk sees this.
we're all done.
Now here he comes.
-I can't believe this shit.
-You kidding? He's coming?
Yes.
Go fucking sit down. huh?
Oh my God.
So what's all the noise about?
You know I can hear you guys
in my office. right?
Sorry. Mr. Faulk.
-We're working really hard.
-You heard him.
Finding our characters.
-As they say.
-Emoting.
Discovering
our most inner thoughts.
-Really?
-Okay.
There's nothing on that paper.
Don't tell me you guys
haven't done anything.
Please. please. please.
tell me you have something
to show me.
We're stuck.
We've covered this.
Ms. Long. does this...
really have to be
all touchy-feely?
No. It just has
to be really honest.
Honest?
So what did you do?
No. no. no. no.
It's not about me today.
Just tell us.
All right.
You know what.
maybe I will tell you later.
Don't worry.
I'll remind you.
No doubt. Michael. No doubt.
Hey. Mr. Faulk.
You're respectfully
stifling our creativity.
Listen. sunflower seeds.
if I wanted any comments
from you.
I'll let you know. okay?
So much tension.
Yes. Mr. Faulk.
I'd have to agree
with Jason over there.
You're really stifling
our creativity. you know?
All this tension that seems
to follow you into the room.
Yeah. I would have
to agree too.
You do keep on running in here.
Uh-hmm. Breaking
our concentration.
Life. What a waste.
Yeah. I think
he means today is a waste.
Ms. Long.
as we can see.
this class
really lacks discipline.
Give me 30 minutes with them.
Thank you for that observation.
All right. guys.
I just bought you
another 30 minutes.
but it's your last chance. okay?
Please let there be something
to show when I get back.
Right. We actually
wanna graduate.
Just saying.
Mr. Faulk. after you.
Remember.
♪ Stand out
Just like it matters ♪
♪ Your turn. make sure
They hear you everywhere ♪
♪ Let them know you're there ♪
♪ Can't stop
Why should you want to? ♪
♪ It's all yours
You've got to shine ♪
♪ Through everything ♪
♪ More than anything ♪
♪ You say
How you live your life ♪
♪ It's your life ♪
♪ Can't just keep it
All locked up inside ♪
♪ Gotta sing as loud
As you can sing it ♪
♪ Say the words
The way you mean it ♪
♪ You're the one who knows
Just who you are ♪
♪ You gotta sing
As loud as you can sing it ♪
♪ Show them all
That you believe it ♪
♪ The world's a stage
And everyone's a star ♪
♪ Yeah. sing ♪
♪ Sing your song ♪
♪ You've come too far to stop ♪
♪ Do what you wanna do ♪
♪ You got to sing
As loud as you can sing it ♪
♪ Show the world
That you believe it ♪
♪ The world's a stage
And everyone's a star ♪
♪ As loud as you can ♪
All right.
Who's up first?
Jason.
Jason. you were born
to do this assignment.
Are you ready?
Okay. look.
in my analysis.
my character. he's...
he's kind of like what everybody
would want. you know.
He's a bit of a player
but everybody loves--
like. everybody.
like. loves that guy.
you know what I'm saying?
Kind of like a Joey
from Friends.
Well. I wouldn't expect
you all to understand.
No. tell us about that guy.
Well. he's like a bit
of an internet genius type.
meaning that
he created shit up here.
So. I don't know.
he's a winner.
He did it all in his own.
Didn't need anybody to do it.
A self-made man.
Did it the American way.
so he screwed everybody
on his way to the top.
I'm taking a page
from you fine adults.
Oh my God. What is this?
Well. I wouldn't
be surprised. you know.
Out there. you're either in
or you're in the way.
When people are done with you.
they move on. right?
We're all thrown
into this world and...
we all just have to
figure it out.
So my character...
lives for today.
And that's my analysis now.
Well. all righty then.
Give it up for your classmate.
Come on.
All right.
-That was very creative.
-Uh-hmm.
A little disturbing
but creative.
Anything else to add?
No.
It's perfect.
All right.
Who's next?
I need a nap.
Well. she may be.
you know. intelligent
when it comes to studying
and stuff like that.
her lack of communicating
with people.
talking with friends.
and family.
and...
revealed the true feelings
of rejection and pain.
This isn't a science project.
You're ruining my focus.
Jason.
you're not helping.
Did I interrupt you?
Yeah. You did.
Whatever.
Anyways.
this. um... this vulnerability--
No. this lack
of connecting with people.
You're talking about yourself.
No. I don't think so.
Michael. do you want
that when you go up?
Sorry.
Just trying to help.
Well. it's not.
so can you please stop?
No. you know better.
Just...
Anyways.
when it--
when it comes to people.
you know.
and from my own life maybe.
maybe I think--
I think we all have this fear
of rejection. you know?
To be loved and to love someone
and not be loved back. you know?
Anyways. what I'll use
to connect and relate
with this character
is the fact that I-- she.
She.
She has this problem with.
you know. communicating.
You guys-- you guys know
what I just said. yeah?
What I meant.
Okay.
Can I please sit down now?
You tell me.
Anything else to add?
-No.
-Okay then.
-Thank you.
-Well done.
Well done.
Come on. guys.
What the hell did she say?
Who's next?
Jessie?
Ready?
Um...
So. if she could not sing
then she would not want to live.
Singing became her breathing.
you know?
It was an obsession.
No. it's more like a passion.
It's a place where she can go.
Don't we all need
a place like that?
A place to kind of get away.
find yourself.
a place not to feel any pain
and find happiness.
Stop looking at me weird.
You say that our soul...
if you're not able
to live your dream.
someone or something
stops you from living it.
the soul dies.
I'm sorry.
That sounds stupid.
No.
No. it doesn't sound
stupid at all.
In fact.
that was really deep
and that took a lot of courage
to really go there.
Did you guys see that?
You know. living in the moment.
seeing people for
who they really are.
I look forward to seeing
where you're going with this.
Well done.
Okay.
Michael.
You haven't gone yet.
Everywhere we look.
all this violence out there.
this freaking chaos.
police wasting
innocent people.
racism. you can't make
this shit up.
People blowing up people.
maniacs streaming people
getting whacked.
government upside down.
Who's running things?
What's whacked?
Wasting people.
Anybody else not okay with this?
Michael.
where is this coming from?
What?
You know. all this.
I'm talking about
the news every day.
People getting blown away
because they looked at someone
the wrong way.
I mean. look at this country.
There's a revolution out there.
You don't need a fucking reason.
Just watch the language.
Michael.
Okay?
Getting into my character.
Michael. listen.
I understand about
all these social issues.
everything going on out there
in the world.
but you're 17.
Don't get overwhelmed
by all that.
This is the world
you all are leaving us.
What are we supposed to do
with this mess?
What I mean is just
don't let all that
mess with who you are.
So. who are you hiding behind?
Excuse me?
What does that mean?
Nothing.
I didn't mean nothing.
Listen.
-If I can be of any assistance--
-No. You can't.
I didn't mean it that way.
It's not you. I'm sorry.
It's okay. Michael.
I get it. I understand.
This isn't easy.
This character. I mean.
things are just
a little messed up in his head.
A little?
Hey. can I go
to the bathroom?
Jason. not now.
What?
I said it's a character.
Yeah. buddy.
Then how did you
slip through the cracks?
Okay. You know what.
I am gonna call
a bathroom break.
I'm watching you.
Ms. Casey.
You're up.
Hmm.
Um. my character.
So she's lived past lives.
She also knows what people
are thinking and feeling.
I mean. think about that.
And to know what
the person next to you
is really thinking.
I mean. talk about the chaos.
Anyway--
Is there something
we don't know about?
You would say
some shit like that.
Listen. my character.
she can see inside people.
That's stupid.
Why?
I don't know.
It's just stupid.
Afraid to know the truth.
what people really think
about you?
-Whatever.
-How about your teachers?
Or Mr. Faulk.
Uh-hmm.
Michael's right.
We all live a damn lie.
We pretend out there.
don't we?
I changed my mind.
This is gonna be
a great partnership.
All right. Casey.
A lot of possibilities
with this.
Well. it's all I gotta say
for now.
All right.
Best for last. right?
Yeah.
Give Max
your full attention.
Yeah. that's likely.
In keeping with this theme
of being different.
I'm thinking...
my character is a--
he's a...
We're all born with something.
And something inside.
it makes us different.
But sometimes we...
hide from that.
from being who we really are.
You know. I can be
running down the sidelines
inches away from the end zone
but my head
is someplace else.
Yeah.
Anyway. this character of mine
is lost like that
but he finds peace when he...
It's kind of stupid
but. like. when he...
like when he danced ballet
or something like that.
You know.
just a certain freedom.
And using
this motivation. um...
Go ahead. Max.
Stay with it.
Yeah. he's--
I'm thinking he's-- he--
Okay.
-So?
-What are you looking at?
-You tell me.
-Let him finish.
Yeah. you know what.
I'm done.
I'm not in the mood.
all right?
-Oh.
-I said my piece.
I get it.
Get what?
Are we done here?
No. we're not.
Okay. First of all. Michael.
lose the mass murder guy.
Not buying it.
What's the problem?
Do I have to spell it out?
Do something else.
Okay?
And. Casey. look.
like I said. really original.
But make sure you're not hiding
behind those superpowers. okay?
Hiding behind superpowers?
What if they're not superpowers?
What if she just thinks
that she can read
people's thoughts.
but she can't?
Hey guys. look.
if it were any other class.
there'd be a proctor
standing over you
while you fill out ovals.
Is that better?
-I mean. do you--
-This is all bullshit.
No. not you.
Not you. Tommy.
Not you guys.
So here's my picks
for the fourth race.
I got Jack Wacker.
uh. Rock Dandy and Lost Ideal.
Guys. you have been
here all semester. okay?
You-- Stop pretending
you don't know how to do this.
Yeah. I'm still tight.
scored a couple.
And go prep your scenes.
like somewhere else. Go.
Out there. Go.
Go.
Oh. you guys
stay on school grounds.
I take this.
♪ Is this heaven
Is this Mars? ♪
Yup.
We chip the track.
♪ So touch me again ♪
♪ We could travel out
Or stay in ♪
♪ You know
We're gonna stay in ♪
♪ Pick out a movie
That we don't watch ♪
♪ Because this feel good
Like a California summer time ♪
Why'd you help me out
back there?
I thought you could
read my mind?
I'm working on it.
What did you mean back there?
What are you talking about?
About reading people's minds.
Talking about me?
No. Hell. no.
But you wouldn't understand.
-No?
-No.
Okay.
So what about our scene?
Um. man.
don't even know. but we got to
figure out something.
Okay.
So...
You know you haven't said
two words to me before today.
More than two?
What were they?
Can't think of them can you?
♪ Good. good. good ♪
Smells weird out here.
Would you be more comfortable
in the field?
Why?
You play football?
Yeah. right.
So you do ballet?
No.
In the scene. I mean.
Yeah. in the--
yeah. in the scene.
Why are you being
so sensitive about this?
Why don't you tell me why
are you so gloom and doom
all the time?
I have my reasons.
Look. I'm just trying to do
the assignment.
Okay? Isn't that now here
what we're supposed to be doing?
Yeah. I guess.
Okay.
All right.
So. I was thinking
that I'm a singer
and you're a dancer?
And let's say that
maybe we're a couple.
-Okay?
-Yeah. Fine.
And...
what if you're...
What if I'm what?
What if you're gay?
Would that work?
What the fuck
does that mean?
What?
What did I say?
What's wrong with you?
Max?
Whoa!
What is this place?
I know. isn't it cool?
Yeah. I found this place
under the theater.
Should we really be
in here?
That's the 911.
Oh.
The guy can't snap
a fishing peace.
What's going on here?
So. why do you drink?
Why do you take this class?
Same as you. thought it would be
an easy grade.
And?
And it's hard.
Telling the truth is hard.
Yeah.
So why do you drink?
It's the only thing
I could count on.
Cop out?
What's your story?
Oh. here we go.
What?
You. with your fucking
Housewives of Bel-Air family
and all?
Do you have to swear so much?
-You started this.
-Yeah. well. I think we should
start working on our scene now.
don't you?
Whatever.
Will you stop?
Why do you care?
I wanna know
what can be so bad.
you wanna blow up
the whole world?
It's none of your concern.
What?
Hey.
Shit.
What the hell
is going on up there?
-What? No.
-Just give it me.
-Just give it to me.
-I'm not gonna give it to you.
I'm gonna put it away.
Oh. my God. Stupid.
Hey. guys.
I hear you.
Aha.
So. what the hell's
going on up there?
Rehearsing our scene.
Yeah.
I'm not buying that crap.
No. he's right.
We're just rehearsing up here.
Okay. both of you.
bring your hormones.
Come on down.
Let's go.
Time to get back to class.
Romeo and Juliet.
Okay. back to class.
Nice try.
You. I'm watching.
You're always doing
what you think
people expect you to do.
No.
Then my name would be Max.
Well. this whole
soul image of yours.
Who cares?
Someone would
if you just...
Never mind.
What if I told you exactly
where you're sitting
every day this semester?
Don't play with my head
like that.
You do that enough
to yourself.
Shut up. Jason.
I don't believe
what everybody says. by the way.
I think you're pretty chill.
I heard some things
about you.
Yeah?
You believe it?
Just can't imagine
that I'm your type.
How could you know
what my type is
if we only said
two words to each other?
You're afraid
of a compliment?
I thought
you could read my mind?
♪ Side by side ♪
♪ I know we can make it
'Cause we're killing it ♪
♪ Yeah. we're killing it
Together ♪
♪ Side by side ♪
♪ No need to fake it
'Cause we're killing it ♪
♪ 'Cause we're killing it
Yeah ♪
♪ I wanna be with you
When the bomb drops ♪
♪ When the world stops turning
And your heart stops beating ♪
♪ I wanna be holding on
To your hand ♪
♪ Watching the vapor
Cloud rise up ♪
- ♪ Rise up ♪
- ♪ To the ceiling ♪
♪ I wanna be naked with you
When the stars go up ♪
♪ When the sun blows up ♪
♪ When the ocean boils over ♪
♪ I wanna be hanging with you
When the sky goes black ♪
♪ When the ship goes down ♪
♪ Take a deep breath ♪
♪ Side by side ♪
♪ I know we can make it ♪
♪ I know we can make it
'Cause we're killing it ♪
♪ Killing it
Killing it ♪
♪ Yeah
We're killing it ♪
♪ Killing it together
'Cause we're killing it ♪
♪ Killing it
Killing it. Killing it ♪
♪ Yeah. we're killing it ♪
♪ Killing it together ♪
Hey. guys. what's going on?
Who's gonna clean up this mess?
Come on back to class.
Come on.
And we're back.
Ms. Long. why are we
sitting like this now?
Yeah. Why aren't we
on the ground like usual?
Yeah. A little close. you know?
Yes. we are close.
We are trying
to connect. people.
Yeah. I'm so sick
of this bullshit.
Be honest. Open up.
We all go home.
You can leave
any time you want.
Yeah. you all lie.
I'm so over this.
Do you wanna know?
Okay.
Let's all be honest.
Somebody I know.
Okay?
She cared about me.
Me.
She tried to...
She took a bunch of pills.
Okay?
Are you all happy now?
I mean. she asked for help.
and nobody cared.
What happened to her?
-Did she--
-No. She didn't die.
She was pregnant.
What?
What the fuck
are you looking at?
No. no.
I didn't mean it like that.
No.
No. not mine.
How does anyone deal with that?
But she understood me.
She was my girl.
So. she came to me for help.
You know how hard
it was for her to do that?
You know. I hated her
for what she did to me.
I don't know what to do.
Michael. you can't control
what other people do
no matter how hard
you try. okay?
Trust me.
So you can't blame
yourself for this.
Ms. Long is right.
You know.
I was mad.
I told you.
"How could you do this to me?"
She cried and cried.
I still loved her.
Didn't matter.
He was with this
some son of a bitch
who promised
her the world.
Uh. Ms. Long. let's take a five
minute break outside. please.
No. not now.
Not like this.
-Michael. is she okay?
-Uh. we really should.
And you.
you teach us how to read.
but you don't teach us
how to live.
I mean. he told her this kid.
His kid.
Said it was her problem.
I mean.
her fucking problem.
Goddamit.
I did nothing.
What happened to her?
I just told you.
No. not that.
What?
Michael.
what about the baby?
You say this to me now?
Why don't guys
just back off. okay?
She was just
asking a question.
All right. look.
I will handle this. okay?
All right.
enough already.
Maybe I will
call a break.
Do you need to talk
about this outside. maybe?
She had an abortion.
I drove her to it.
If I ever find out
who he is.
He's so dead.
Now. just leave me alone.
-Ms. Long.
-I'm calling a break.
Michael. I'll be in
my office if you need me.
I'll be in mine.
Come on.
I can't do anything.
So. don't worry.
It's all okay.
We got you.
Listen. It's okay.
No. No.
Listen to me.
You don't think
I get it?
I see what you're doing?
It's not--
I'm gonna shut this down.
Just work with me here.
Give me a chance
to work with--
No. Listen. I've had it.
I've had it.
You're not equipped or trained
to deal with this. Miranda.
I know it's not
the most conventional way.
You think?
It's not funny.
I'm watching them
in there.
You're tearing
them apart.
Don't worry.
I'll handle it.
I don't see
it that way.
Thank God
I'm here today.
What's the matter?
I'm fucked up.
you know?
So. what do you
think about it?
About what?
About what
Michael just said.
you know.
if you had to--
if you were put in that
situation and-- never mind.
Over what?
If you have to deal
with something like that.
Either way. it doesn't change
who you are. right?
No. I don't think so.
Change the subject?
-Okay.
-Hey. Jessie.
Look. I-- I'm sorry
for sounding off right there.
It's just-- I don't know
what I was thinking.
I mean. I know you're just
trying to do the assignment.
and-- well. this class just gets
in my head sometimes. you know?
It's just--
it's just ridiculous. but--
Oh. Jessie. are you okay?
Oh. yeah. I'm okay.
-Are you okay?
-I'm okay.
Jessie!
I'm okay. Max.
Tell me something
about you.
Why?
Why not?
I don't know.
What do you wanna know?
Anything.
I just wanna get to know you.
And what if
I disappoint you?
Disappoint me?
I just met you.
Why would you think that?
Because some things I don't
even like thinking about.
so I don't know why
I don't wanna tell
somebody else.
Well. I want you to want to.
Hey. should
I get you some help?
No. No. it's fine.
-Are you sure?
-I'm fine. Max. Okay?
-You don't look okay.
-I know. I'm okay. Max.
I'm fine.
I'm okay.
It's just-- Please
don't tell anyone. okay?
Promise me
you won't tell.
I won't.
Okay. I promise.
Okay.
I'm okay.
They died in a car crash.
my parents.
I was like
three years old.
so I can barely
remember them.
Jason. um...
Yeah.
Hey. look. it's weird.
It's just like. it's like.
sometimes I can--
I can feel them.
I can hear them.
I can smell them
but I. uh. can't see 'em.
It's crazy. huh?
No. no.
Well. that's-- it's not crazy.
That's actually beautiful.
I never told anybody
at school that before.
If Faulk catches us
back here. he'll kill us.
What you did
back there?
-What?
-You're okay.
Thank you.
Hey. what
are you doing?
I need it.
No. I know
what you're thinking.
-Allie. please.
-No. you don't need it.
You don't.
I live with my uncle now.
he treats me like shit.
He makes me feel like a freakin'
hand me down all the time.
someone just given
away by the court.
Jason. I wouldn't
have asked actually.
It's okay.
A long time ago.
Look.
I'm still that same guy.
-Nothing's changed.
-It's different now.
Today will come
and go. okay?
That's not true.
Have you thought about
talking with someone?
Who? Faulk?
My parents?
What about me?
You can talk to me.
What happens when
I walk out this door?
You walk out with me.
Promise.
All right. guys.
I hope that break
helped you all reset.
clear their heads.
Listen. what Michael did.
proud of you
for opening up like that.
That took a lot of strength
and a lot of courage.
And maybe it will help
inspire all of you.
I wanna sing a song.
Song? What?
Jessie.
you know the assignment?
Yes. I do.
And you have a partner?
Yeah. I'm right here.
Jess. what's going on?
Yes.
I know I have a partner.
-Yeah. but it--
-Just one please. okay?
I know it's not
the assignment.
but it's the only
way for me to--
Look.
That's how we grade it.
I just-- I can't change
the rules right now.
I just...
Michael...
you spoke the truth?
Now I wanna speak
the truth. I'm sick.
Sick?
What do you mean?
I'm sick but...
it's okay.
It's okay now
that I talk about it.
What? Like the flu or something?
Or something.
I have cancer.
And it's weird
saying it out loud. um.
but I know I need
to say it out loud.
I have cancer.
Listen. outside when you...
Yeah.
It's a battle
and I'm trying not to lose.
But you guys. sometimes
I don't know what to do.
I can't breathe
and I'm just so scared.
Hey. can I help?
Do you need anything?
No.
I've got these.
Jessie. all this time?
How sick are you?
Jessie...
You're gonna be okay?
Like someday?
No.
No. I don't think so.
At least I look
at birthdays differently now.
They tell me that
it could be--
Maybe they're wrong?
To hell with
what they say.
No. Jessie.
they're wrong.
They have to be.
That's what
I tell myself.
But. yeah. I found singing.
And I'm not very good but.
yeah. it's. um.
it's become my best medicine.
I'm able to express my thoughts
and how I'm feeling
and everything that's
going on inside. and...
that's where I feel
like the most me again.
And. you know. being sick.
have a good time definitely.
I just got to take it
a day at a time.
So. right now.
I'm living for today
and then we'll get to tomorrow.
How are you doing?
Yeah. I'll make sure.
You don't feel
the hotdogs today?
Oh. my God.
I got some letter.
-Oh. that's cute.
-Yeah.
-He's kind of ugly.
-No. he's not.
-He's a ten.
-He's a ten?
I'll take it back. I'll tell you
I was gonna be ugly.
-Well. we'll grow into it.
-I'm sure you will.
He looks like
a young Johnny Depp.
I promise.
What is that?
Hmm.
That song.
Something I'm working on.
Something you're working on?
-You wrote like a song?
-Yeah.
-An original?
It'd sound better with a guitar.
Guitar?
Max?
Hey. where do you
think you're going?
I'll be back
in a sec. Mr. Faulk.
All right.
-How are you doing?
-Nothing.
Are you gonna eat that?
Got it from the music room.
Make sure
it finds its way back.
Let's see it.
♪ Sometimes I stare
Out the window ♪
♪ Thinking where did
The time go ♪
♪ Hard to breathe ♪
♪ The clock it ticks
I cover my ears ♪
♪ There are screams
No one else hears ♪
♪ No one knows what I need ♪
♪ And one thing sets me free ♪
♪ I am much more than
What they see ♪
♪ I've got the music
Here in me ♪
♪ And I am. I am
I am the remedy ♪
♪ Yeah. the music
Makes me whole ♪
♪ Can't kill the passion
In my soul ♪
♪ And I am. I am
I am the remedy ♪
♪ And when the mirror tells me
I'm not worthy ♪
♪ I tune into
That sweeter sound ♪
♪ And no disease
No nothing can own me ♪
♪ When I'm singin'
I'm on higher ground ♪
♪ I am much more than
What they see ♪
♪ I've got the music
Here in me ♪
♪ And I am. I am
I am the remedy ♪
♪ Yeah
The music makes me whole ♪
♪ Can't kill the passion
In my soul ♪
♪ And I am. I am.
I am the remedy ♪
♪ I am. I am the remedy ♪
Wow. Jessie. Jessie.
That's insane.
That was really insane.
That's really nuts.
Hey. Max.
what's going on?
Everything okay?
Nothing.
Max. hey. just breathe.
Just be honest like
we were outside. okay?
Let it go.
Hey. guys.
something going on over there?
What's going on. guys?
Everything okay?
You know your dad's not up.
Can I say something?
Of course. anything.
I care about
getting out of here on time.
Jason. just--
Max. take your time.
Okay. Yeah.
Look. I'm just
trying to say...
I mean. who the hell are we?
I mean. something brought us
all here today. right?
What Michael said.
Jessie.
Why does it matter
what people think?
You. Michael.
you made me think.
You.
You living for today.
not being afraid.
Why don't we all do that. right?
Live for ourselves.
Not for what my dad wants me
or any parent wants
any of us to be.
You don't have
to repeat their mistakes.
Live your life. Max.
That's what my mom
would say to me sometimes.
Live your life.
She would whisper it in my ear.
She knew.
She knew what?
She knew me.
And what does that mean?
My dad would kill me.
He would what?
Forget he ever had a son.
Why would he do that?
It's okay. Max.
It's not. actually.
I'm sorry. I can't do this.
Hey. hey. hey.
where are you going?
It's not gonna change anything.
-Listen.
-Go for it. Max.
Max. it's called
unconditional love.
He'll stop loving me.
No.
Why would you say that?
Because parents
fuck everything up.
Look. if it's affecting
your life like this.
you have got to confront him.
I say just go for it. man.
If it's like
tearing you up.
maybe he'd understand.
Maybe he doesn't
wanna talk about it.
Look. I'm gay. okay?
Dude.
Really?
I'm gay.
We share
the locker room together.
-Oh. fuck off. dude.
-Jason. leave him alone.
Jason. that's not funny.
Jason. dude.
shut the hell up.
Can't you see
how difficult this was for him?
I know. I know.
I mean--
Miranda.
I mean. he could've
said something.
-Said what?
-Fuck you.
-Shut up.
-Both of you.
-Please.
-Take it down.
My dad...
they would kill me.
And what
about your mom?
I can tell she knows.
-Won't talk about it though.
-Listen. Max.
we have some really
good counselors here
if you wanna talk to somebody.
Oh. you mean with
someone like you?
Great class.
Okay.
Allie. Michael.
what you got for me?
Oh. we're still kind of
working on our scene.
-We're not done yet.
-Uh-hmm.
Well. she wants to do
something where I'm standing
like at the edge of a building.
She's talking me down from it.
I don't know. It's stupid.
I thought it would help.
What does
that have to do
with what we were talking
about before. huh?
Like. what were you
talking about. Joanne?
I mean. how do you-- how does
any of that come into the scene?
-Joanne?
-Yeah.
-You said Joanne.
-Yeah. I did.
So what?
I didn't give a name.
Did I?
I'm pretty sure you did.
No. I didn't.
Okay. so whatever.
Hey. Michael.
what's the big deal?
Can anybody tell me
what's going on here?
No. nothing's going on.
Can we move on?
All right.
What are you guys talking about?
Who's Joanne? I'm lost.
You're always lost.
Can we just please move on?
All right.
can we continue?
-Yes. please.
-Okay.
So. who's Joanne?
Shut up.
Sunflower seeds.
watch your language.
Please stop talking.
We'll get back to it.
All right.
You know what?
Who here has heard
of Neil Simon?
He's an American playwright.
uh. Oscar and Tony nominated.
He wrote works
such as Barefoot in the Park.
The Odd Couple.
He was born in the Bronx.
The Bronx.
That's what I was getting at.
Very good. Jessie.
Neil Simon wrote about
what he knew.
where he came from.
He brought himself to his art.
What a concept.
That's all I'm trying
to get you guys to do today.
It's actually really simple.
trying to let you know
that you are enough.
Just be who you are.
Be who you are?
That's not how
my father sees it.
Oh. okay.
Well. how does
your mother see it?
My mother?
Well...
she was sick too.
I knew it was serious but...
my father.
he just became this void.
Never talked to me.
He kind of just
walked around me.
Never told me.
He never just...
never just helped me once.
He just--
he pushed me away.
He pushed me away from her.
Never got to say goodbye.
And he just--
he just kept ignoring me.
She...
she died.
You ever talked
to him about it?
About a thousand times.
You know. it's kind of
like they both died.
I was only eight.
Now. I'm 17
and I'm with you guys.
But still.
after all this time.
I miss her.
She hears you.
You think so?
Why not?
I hope.
But. um. last Christmas.
he told me
I had my mother's eyes.
gave me a present.
and then he left.
And. you know.
no amount of money or presents.
none of that can fix
what's broken between us
because...
I'm invisible.
I am.
This is what I'm talking about.
Allie. thank you
for sharing that.
Sorry.
No. Don't be sorry.
Listen. this is not easy
what I'm asking you
to do today. guys.
But you're rocking it.
-Thank you.
-I'm really proud of you guys.
Okay.
There are two of you left.
Who's up?
Casey.
We all went.
What about Ms. Long.
-Oh.
-What about me?
You said
that you would tell us
what you went through
while sitting up here.
That's true.
Well?
Well.
you guys aren't done yet. so.
That sounds familiar.
-What are you worried about?
-Just be yourself.
Yeah. be honest with us.
Scared of a little confession?
I mean. you told us
to be ourselves. right?
-Who are you. Ms. Long?
-Just tell us.
Come on. Do it. Do it.
-You can do it.
-Tell us.
-Come on.
-Come on. Teach.
Give yourself to the character.
Emote.
Oh. my God.
The students become the teacher.
-Tell us. Tell us. Tell us.
-Come on. Come on.
Oh. yeah.
Okay. Okay. okay. Okay. Okay.
Whoo!
All right. Give me a minute.
It's. um.
it's been a while since anyone
asked me about my story.
All right. Well...
taking you back to 12 years old.
The teachers in school
started noticing things
like the way I was behaving
and. um...
and uh. bruises.
Um...
I can't believe you guys
are making me do this.
I'll never forget that day.
I was. uh...
in my favorite room
in the house.
It's the one
with the record player in it.
And I was playing
my favorite Billy Joel album.
Didn't even get to hear
the end of Vienna
and there was a knock
on the door.
and it was two men.
And my mom. uh...
casually said
for me to pack a bag.
Um...
And I got in the car
with these strangers
who took me to this place
that we had passed
a bunch of times in the car.
And I never knew what it was.
but it was a foster care home.
And. you know.
I thought it was just like
a temporary thing
so that my dad could get his act
together or whatever.
But time went on and on
and nobody came back for me.
Um. they just left me there.
Just left me there.
My dad. he had just.
you know. left for good
and my mom never recovered
from that. so that was that.
Foster parents.
awesome people.
Linda and Carl. so cool.
They took me to therapy.
and God they. tried everything.
I just didn't understand
what was wrong with me.
Like what made me so unlovable
that they left me there.
and a really great doctor
suggested that I just needed
a safe space to. like.
work through my feelings.
And that safe space was theater.
And that's when I fell in love
with expressing myself
through art.
So I went for it
and I got accepted
to this. like.
topnotch conservatory
and ran around New York City
with a headshot
and auditioned a bunch.
and I did some theater.
But I felt like
I had a different calling.
And that was this.
It was connecting
with young people like you.
because I've been there.
and I just want you guys
to be your best. okay?
My calling is to give you
that safe space
to work your stuff out.
What happened to them?
-To who?
-Your parents.
Well. I never saw my dad again.
And I found out he passed
of a stroke 10 years ago.
What about your mother?
She's still alive.
Have you seen her?
No.
Why not?
-I don't know.
-Yes. you do.
-Yeah. I do.
-I don't get it.
Rejection...
right?
It's hard enough
the first time.
What if she didn't
wanna see me again. right?
You should still go.
Yeah.
but she never came back for me.
Don't go for her.
go for you.
Show her what you've become.
Yeah.
she couldn't break you.
They have no idea. do they?
The mess they leave
when they do that.
You're here.
that means something.
I think you should go.
You never know
how much time you have left.
Well. guys
you've given me
some stuff to think about.
Thank you.
Okay. All right.
This isn't about me.
This is about you.
Jason. please take me
off the hot seat.
-What you got?
-What?
Am I supposed to get up there
and cry some?
Yeah. something like that.
I did. So did Ms. Long.
-I'll go.
-Casey.
All right.
Hold on.
I'm sorry.
What are you sorry about?
Michael.
Understand...
what happened was no more
your fault than it was mine.
What?
About a year ago.
I believed him.
just like you believed her.
And the result of that
tore me apart.
I hated everyone.
especially myself.
I couldn't eat for weeks.
I asked myself
if I made the right decision.
Did I make the right decision?
And that's another thing.
is there really such a thing
as like the right decision?
Or is it just...
you know.
the moment you're living in
and trying to figure out
how to live it?
If I would've--
if I would've had my baby.
Sorry. I'm sorry. I don't--
I don't know why I'm
talking to you all about this.
I'm sorry. Casey.
-Why are you sorry?
-No. I mean. I understand.
You understand?
If you put you in my position
for a minute.
somebody like you gets pregnant
and then people say.
"Oh. poor girl.
I hope she's okay.
"Somebody like me gets pregnant
and. "Oh. yeah. it figures.
We all saw that coming. right?"
Hell do you know.
You're right. okay?
I'm-- you're right.
Casey.
nobody's gonna judge you
or you. Michael.
for that matter.
for the choices
you've had to make.
these. like.
really grown up decisions.
Ms. Long.
I know you're not blind.
I'm looked at different
and you know that.
She's right...
even in this school.
Listen.
Life is learned along the way
and we're all figuring it out.
Really. no judgment here.
right. guys?
Not today.
Did you talk to your parents?
Your dad. someone?
My dad is-- I can't talk to him.
I mean. and my mom
is either in denial
or praying I don't find
my way back there again.
-I disappointed you.
-Your point is?
It's what you meant.
Ms. Long?
Let's have a discussion outside.
please.
Great job. everybody.
Just please meet me outside.
All right. guys.
I guess we're taking
another break.
Just take a breath. It's okay.
-Where are we going?
-Where we can't be heard.
Okay. You gotta be kidding me!
Okay. We got daddy issues.
One kid wants to come out
of the closet.
One kid wants to blow up
the whole world.
Then we got abortions.
Then you open up
with child abuse?
-Stop it! Stop it!
-No. you're done! You're done!
Okay. Don't you get it?
They need to know that
I went through the same thing.
But what was it?
What you did in there
is unorthodox. okay?
-They are kids!
-Yeah. they are.
Talking through their problems.
and we're just telling them
it's okay to feel that way.
No. no. no. Not me. You.
So save it.
Who's gonna clean up this mess
when these kids go home today?
There's peace on the other side
of this for them.
don't you get it?
I know you see it.
Peace?
Are you kidding me? It's called
the unemployment line. okay?
So stupid.
What's gonna happen
when their parents
start calling me on Monday?
Look. you just need
to calm down!
No. but you opened
up this can of worms.
I opened up a safe space. okay?
That's what I am giving them.
A safe space?
Are you kidding me?
Listen. stop being their friend
and just be their damn teacher.
Hey. why don't you start
being their friend?
And maybe then you can be
a great teacher. you ass.
-Oh. my God. This is a school.
-Oh. that's brilliant.
Okay. Listen.
you wanna put a Band-Aid on it?
But when all the parents
start calling me on Monday.
guess what. I'm gonna give
your cell phone number. okay?
Joan of Arc.
Mother Teresa over here.
Unbelievable.
Casey?
About what you said earlier.
you were right.
Yeah?
Think so?
-I do.
-Me too.
We're all looked at differently.
Is something funny?
-Right. What about you then?
-I think you guys are right.
I don't think it's your fault.
I don't
think it's anybody's fault.
You know what I mean.
Yeah.
I know what you mean.
But what I said.
and you said nothing.
Guys.
wanna change the subject?
Sure. Let's change the subject.
What about Ms. Long?
That was cool. what she did.
-I don't think she'd do it.
-Yeah. me neither.
You guys think she's lying?
-Are you serious?
-What? No way.
No. I don't think so.
Why are you staring at me?
I'm staring at him.
Anything you wanna say?
You never answered me.
-About?
-Let it go.
Now. you knew Joanne.
didn't you?
Wait. We're back to this again?
Wait. can you tell me
who Joanne is. please?
-It's bullshit.
-No. wait.
Is she someone
you both knew or what?
-What. you're Mr. Helper now?
-Maybe.
Guys. I don't like this.
I don't wanna fucking hear it.
You're gonna answer me.
-I think you know. huh?
-Know what?
-Jason.
-Wait. Know what?
-Max. leave it alone.
-Oh. hold on.
No. no. no.
I wanna hear this.
-You figured it out?
-Figure out what?
-Guys. guys. let's stop.
-Fuck off.
Right? You wanna know?
Yeah. Sure.
-I knew Joanne.
-Jason.
Why didn't you just
say that then?
Yeah. I think
I can figure that out.
No way.
Wait. you knew her?
-Fuck off!
-Hey. leave her alone.
Fuck her.
I wanna hear it from you.
Jason. what is he talking about?
All right. now. Now. you guys
are all judging me?
Michael. listen to me.
He's not worth it.
-Don't do this.
-No. let's do this now. huh?
Okay. You can't hold
your own fucking shit.
-Hold on to my shit?
-I don't know why the hell
you're in this fucking school.
okay?
-You should be traveling.
-Hey. stop it!
Doing something and-- yeah.
Oh. yeah. rich bitch.
Oh. your bitch fucking problems.
-Fuck you!
-Daddy can't buy me a car.
Hold on to my shit?
Yeah. Hold on
to your fucking shit. okay?
Four hours ago. we came in here
as fucking strangers.
then we're gonna step
out of here in three hours
as fucking strangers.
You watched me
crash and burn up there.
-Stop! Stop!
-I don't give a shit. okay?
It's your own fucking life.
Deal with it.
No! Shut up!
I don't have to listen
to this fucking bullshit.
-You should!
-And if I did?
-If I did? So what?
-No! You just sat there.
She almost died 'cause of you!
It wasn't my fault.
Wasn't your fault?
Why don't you mess
with somebody else. huh?
You're disgusting.
Stop fucking
looking at me. okay?
She left because of you.
You fucking asshole.
You scared her the fuck away.
-Hey!
-Oh. my God.
-Stop. Jason.
-Yo. watch it. bro. Watch it.
Stop!
No. Yo. Bring it down.
Sit down.
Will you sit down?
Get off me.
Fuck you. you fucking bitch.
Fucking die.
Come at me.
Yo. Faulk comes in.
we're all done.
Well.
you wanna blame me. okay?
No wonder she fucking...
-Go ahead and say it. asshole.
-Stop.
So today was all a lie.
No. you don't understand. huh?
Jason. you're bleeding.
Did you really tell her?
-You blame her?
-I didn't know what to do.
So you just walked away
and did nothing?
-Where the fuck were you. huh?
-You guys just stop.
-No. man. don't.
-Where the fuck were...
-Michael!
-Calm down! Watch it!
-Feel better now?
-Jason.
I gotta fucking
live with it. okay?
Casey?
I have nothing to say to you.
I'm sorry. just--
it's just not the way you think.
Hey.
What the hell
is going on in here?
What have you guys
been doing?
Look at the mess in this place.
What the hell is going on. guys?
Max. Allie. I wanna know. Now!
We're just rehearsing. you know.
getting real in the moment.
Stop it. okay?
What is going on?
Look at his face.
What'd I tell you?
I told you so. Look at his face.
-"I told you so? "
-Yeah. Look at this.
It's exactly what Max said.
like we were told to do.
You expect us to believe that?
Come on.
Yes. okay?
We were just rehearsing.
-What do you want us to say?
-Just rehearsing.
-What? With fists?
-Yes. Yes.
Looks like he got one
over on you. tough guy. huh?
No. it's just
my part of the scene.
Look at that. huh?
Nice face.
What do you think. I'm stupid?
I mean. I wouldn't
underestimate you. sir.
-But if...
-All right. Jason. Enough.
That's not funny.
Okay. you're hurt.
Nah. Ms. Miranda.
just baby taps.
Baby taps?
Okay. I'm listening.
Who started this fight. guys?
Jason? Come on.
I don't know what to say. okay?
Maybe let's ask Mikey.
I'm listening.
I'm listening! Come on!
Oh. you know what?
I think I could piece
this together.
-Really?
-I could piece this together.
Like I said. sir.
Things happen. you know?
Just like you said.
Oh. things happen. huh?
So you're willing to go down
with this guy
just because you two
don't wanna tell the truth?
You forgot to throw in this
with summer school.
Oh. no. Summer school's coming.
don't worry about that.
I'll take care of that.
You should be worried
about your scholarship.
-He fell.
-Oh. he fell?
With the strawberries
on his face. he fell?
Yes.
You guys are kidding me
with this.
-Look at his face.
Jessie?
Don't.
-He fell.
Oh. you guys belong
in drama class.
Oh. shit.
Okay. And this fell out
of your backpack. huh?
-What is it?
-Don't play that game with me.
No. I didn't mean that.
I know what it is. I just--
I don't know
what it's doing in there.
Okay. so perhaps
a phone call to your father
will help jog your memory.
-Would that help you?
-No. please.
-Don't call him. really.
-But...
Maybe I took
the wrong backpack.
-What?
-Or maybe someone slipped it in
while I was on the bus
this morning.
Oh. on the bus?
Do you even know what that is?
Phil. she said she doesn't know.
It's not in your hands now.
okay?
-It's mine.
-What?
Like I said. it's mine.
I bought it this morning.
Huh.
What store?
I brought it this morning
from my house.
You bought it.
you brought it.
Okay. So what's it doing
in her backpack?
-I hid it there.
-You hid it?
-Yes. I hid it there.
-That's right.
He hid it there.
So that's what you guys
are all telling me then?
Okay. he hid it?
Jason?
Yeah. and Allie had no idea.
All right.
This is all bullshit.
Why would you do that?
I'll ask all the questions here.
Because when Casey
and I were practicing.
Casey asked Allie if she
could borrow her backpack.
For like a prop or whatever.
I just slipped it in and Casey
had no idea. all right?
I've just been sipping
on it all day.
-Huh.
-I borrowed it.
Really?
Well. I don't know what games
you think you're playing here.
No games. sir.
So Jason.
this is your story?
Yes. it is.
If you don't mind...
No. no. no. listen.
you're coming with me.
Okay. everybody.
say goodbye to Mr. Personality.
He's gonna be leaving
for the day. okay?
Lead the way. Mr. Faulk.
Grab your shoes. Let's go.
-Come on. let's go.
-All right. guys.
Good luck.
you're gonna need luck.
Be back in a little bit.
What the fuck was that?
I was trying to cover...
Now. why the hell
would you do that?
I did it for you. okay?
Why did you even bring it
to school in the first place?
We all...
You understand that?
I didn't. okay?
Yeah. Mr. Walker.
Yeah. he's here now.
Yeah. a little incident.
You can come
pick him up anytime.
We'll see you soon then.
Fuck him. he had it coming.
Listen.
I'm just as pissed off as you.
-Look what he did to me.
-Get off that. okay?
Did we learn anything.
you and I?
-What?
-Casey's right. man.
Maybe he's sorry.
I mean. he did take
the hit for you.
What do you think
is gonna happen to him?
I don't know. I don't know.
He could get thrown out
for what you just did.
You really gotta own
some of this. bro.
Shut up!
Blaming him really lets you
off the hook. doesn't it?
Okay. just leave me alone!
Michael. it's okay.
It's okay.
I know what you're feeling
but we are not our parents.
-He could've--
-He could've what?
He'd have. what. drove her?
He could've gave her money?
-Then what?
-Just stop it!
Michael.
You can't control
what people do. what Joanne did.
Allie is right.
Nothing would've changed.
I know that.
It still fucking hurts.
We know. We're sorry.
Michael. you didn't know
what she was gonna do.
We're kids. we're just kids.
What do we know?
He's right.
Jason?
-Yeah.
-About what?
About everything.
You know. my fucked up attitude.
It's okay.
It's okay. we got you.
I don't understand.
You know what?
I really wish I had
someone like you a year ago.
So...
anyone here think Ms. Long
and Mr. Faulk are hooking up?
I mean.
they leave to go in the hallway.
like. all the time. right?
Like...
Hey!
-What the hell are you doing?
-Walking it off.
You bring alcohol to school?
Are you an idiot or something?
Hey!
Hey. what the fuck
is going on here?
Here we go.
And for you.
What do we do with these?
You are going to write in them.
Write what?
Y'all still need
a grade. right?
-Yes.
Then you are going to write
about your experiences today.
how each of you
affected one another.
That's it.
-That's it?
-Yeah.
You're gonna write about today.
And how you see yourselves now.
-Um...
-Not so hard. is it?
The only time
that I get a reaction out of you
is when I fuck up.
Oh. you're just dying
for a reason to get booted
-out of school. huh?
-Huh.
And what the hell
happened to your face?
Would you believe me
if I told you?
What about the scene?
Well. since Casey
lost her scene partner
and everything else
that's happened today.
I felt this would
be the best replacement.
Any objections?
I didn't think so.
What the hell is going on
with you. Jason?
-You wanna fucking know?
-Yeah. I wanna know!
-Yeah?
-Yeah!
-Yeah.
Ms. Long. why this?
-Why now?
-Why not?
Nice Band-Aid.
Not what I was thinking.
but I get it.
You know.
I hurt somebody. okay?
-Who?
-I fucking hurt somebody.
This girl. I got a girl...
What?
-I got a girl pregnant.
-You stupid son of a bitch.
Okay. now.
you guys have two hours
to complete the assignment.
And maybe this day will be over.
Thank God.
It's a big maybe.
Okay.
Sorry there.
I didn't mean to...
The last time?
Won't happen again. I promise.
Yeah. sure you won't.
-Even if I fucking let it.
-Hey. hey. I'm upset.
A lot has happened today.
And I want you guys
to write about it all.
All of it.
Who knows?
Maybe the next Neil Simon
is in this room.
-Not me.
-Have fun.
Aim high.
You're ruining your life.
son.
You don't know
what you're doing.
You can't even take care
of yourself. let alone a kid.
You don't got to worry
about it anymore. okay?
She...
She's not pregnant
anymore. okay?
I wasn't there for her.
I wasn't there
when she got hurt.
Come here. Come here. son.
-You really got hurt. huh?
-Who fucking cares. okay?
She tried to kill herself
because of me.
-Jason.
-I deserve it. Say it.
You always fucking say it.
Just say it.
Jason. look at me.
Look at me. son.
I'm not your son. man.
I know. I'm--
but I think of you as...
I mean. they can't flunk us all.
Actually. they can.
-I don't care.
-Yes. you do.
-We all do.
-Okay.
But what about Jason?
What about him?
I wonder what's happening
to him right now.
Shit. he's probably suspended
at least. guys.
What do you want from me?
I'm not saying
it's your fault. but...
Guys. whatever we do.
we need to do
for all of us. okay?
-Including Jason.
-Right.
As a group. a class.
He's part of us.
So what. we all take the bullet?
What he did back there.
he did for all of us.
So yeah.
Uh-hmm.
Michael?
All right.
What can I say?
-You're right.
Wow.
This morning.
never would've guessed
I'd back him.
It's come a long way
-since- 00 AM.
-Yup.
-Yeah. no kidding.
-Yeah.
Can imagine what his parents
are doing to him just about now.
Yeah. poor guy.
I miss 'em.
Uh. I think about them
all the time.
My mom...
my dad.
Why did they have to die?
I don't know why I'm this way.
I don't know why I do this shit
that I do. you know?
I don't know why
I'm so fucking scared to love.
I just...
Hey. hey. don't be so hard
on yourself.
But I just like feel them
around me sometimes. you know?
And I don't-- I don't
fucking understand. okay?
I just-- I just-- some days.
I just-- I need them.
I wish that they were there.
I wish I could just
-fucking tell them. you know?
-Yeah.
You know.
some days I just wish
that they could hug me.
you know?
Yeah.
I mean. I fucking
miss them. man.
So do I.
-I got you.
I got you. I got you.
-Jessie?
-Yeah?
Does it hurt?
What...
What you have?
Yeah.
Sometimes it does.
Are you gonna be okay?
I don't know.
Guess I gotta hope
for the best
and prepare
for the worst. but...
I'm scared.
Well. it's nothing worse
than what's going on in my head.
Michael. Oh. my God.
We all need to start living
for today.
I mean. start changing
the things
that really need changing.
you know?
I'd say that's hard enough.
Yeah.
Will it matter?
It's regret that matters.
Well. what about you. Max?
I'm definitely gonna regret
getting an F.
Same.
You know.
one thing I know for sure.
serious when I say this.
your parents loved you
very. very much.
Your dad.
my little baby brother
talked about you every day.
You're the best thing
in his life
from the moment you arrived
in that hospital.
from the moment
you opened your eyes. man.
he just... loved you.
-He said that?
-Oh. he said that. yeah.
Every day.
And your mom. she loved you.
She just wanted
the best for you.
To live life to the fullest.
You know. I think...
I know that they are here
right now.
Right now.
God.
You look so much
like your mom.
You do.
Hey.
Don't be scared to love.
This girl...
did you love her?
I don't love.
Of course you do.
Just think of them.
Nothing's worse
than guilt and remorse.
And I've learned
to live with that.
It's not you.
Jason...
I've let you down. I know.
-It's okay.
-No. it's not.
It's not okay.
I'm sorry.
But I want you to know that...
your parents would be
very proud of you right now.
as am I.
-I love you.
I love you too.
Thank you.
Oh. okay. So...
what do we do now?
About...
About these papers.
Well.
we have to do something.
I don't know what to do.
Yeah. either.
How hard can it be?
I don't like that face.
Michael...
what are you writing?
Well. she says
we can say anything. right?
-Uh-uh. Now. what you up to?
-Let me...
Calm as a bitch. huh.
Can she really give us an F?
-Yeah. she can.
-Yeah.
Like a real F?
We're about to fail theater?
-No.
I think we all--
-I think so.
-I don't know.
No. I can't.
♪ And it's hard ♪
♪ I know ♪
♪ But these feelings
They come and go ♪
♪ 'Cause we try ♪
What are you writing about?
Mike. your handwriting
is trash. bro.
-Man. screw you.
-Whoa. whoa. whoa.
I'm just saying.
like. I got chicken scratch.
you got rooster scratch.
You know. like.
you got jokes. huh?
Oh. he got jokes today. man.
Okay. kids.
Put those pens down.
Whoa. whoa.
I'm not finished yet.
You are now.
Uh. guys.
I asked for five pages.
I see barely anything written.
It's all there. Ms. Long.
what you asked
us to write. I mean.
Uh. how so?
How we changed today.
laid bare on the page.
-Yeah.
-It's bare. all right.
The walls
you helped us break down.
This is what you wanted.
Oh. what I wanted
was for you guys
to learn how to express
yourselves.
Yeah. we're like
a science experiment to you.
Is that what you think?
Does it really matter to you.
or you Mr. Faulk.
what any of us thinks?
Nobody was prepared for this.
Just trying to open you up.
that's all.
Yeah. And how'd
that work out for you?
Hey. she did it. not me.
That sounds like
something one of us would say.
There you go.
I am just trying to help you
break through those walls
and the things
that hold us all back.
It almost tore us apart.
Almost.
You wanna know
what the hardest part
about being here today was?
Tell me.
The hardest part
of this class
was learning
how to be ourselves.
Each of us mattered.
But now we matter to each other.
Oh. a bunch of hypocrites.
You know. frankly.
it doesn't really matter
who you think we are.
I'll still be gay.
I'll still be sick.
I'll still be neurotic.
We'll still be all of that.
But now. maybe this time
we'll be friends.
Hundred percent.
We just got to be ourselves
out there where it counts.
Fail one.
Fail us all.
Did you guys rehearse that?
-Jason. too.
-Yeah.
Yeah. we're one
for Jason as well.
You guys
are breaking my heart.
But can somebody tell me
what the hell happened here?
Hard to grasp. huh?
Mr. Faulk. there are plenty
of available counselors
-for you to talk to.
-Touche. kid.
-Nice one.
All right. guys. I get it. okay?
What do you mean. okay?
Maybe I should change the way
I give finals.
but...
I'm giving you all... A's.
Wait a minute.
Wait. wait. wait. wait.
-You can't do that.
-I can!
-No. you can't.
Sorry. yeah. I just-- yeah.
-There we go.
-You can't do that.
Yes. she can.
I can and I would.
I don't give a shit
what you think.
So get out of here.
-Go on.
-You know what?
-Please.
-I'm going to track.
Bye. Mr. Faulk.
Have a nice weekend.
Mr. Faulk.
That's a shame.
Look at him.
I won't forget today.
The class is...
dismissed.
-Yes.
Finally.
-And scene.
♪ Oh. I'm singing
Na. na. na. na ♪
♪ What a beautiful life ♪
Bye. Ms. Long.
♪ Oh. na. na. na. na ♪
♪ What a beautiful life ♪
♪ Yes. it is ♪
♪ Oh ♪
Oh. my goodness.
So what are you guys
doing later?
We're never doing that.
Got some explaining
to do at home.
You'll be fine.
Yeah. I'm not so sure.
You will be.
Here. Give me your phone.
Okay.
Here is my number.
Call me or text me anytime.
anything you need.
I might give it
to some football guys.
No. but seriously.
I'd be happy
just to hear it ring.
so whatever you need.
I mean it.
Appreciate it.
Is your dad really that rich?
Yeah. Yeah. he is.
Hey. if you ever need a couch.
You sure? I might.
I mean. what are you all
doing tonight?
You wanna hang or something?
I have this
stupid dinner event
with my dad tonight.
I can't get out of it.
but does Monday
work for you guys?
I mean. I have practice
but yeah.
-I might show up.
-I'll show up.
-I'll definitely show up.
-I know you will.
-Uh-hmm.
-Well. see you guys then.
♪ You know ♪
♪ It's feeling good
Good. good ♪
♪ Good. good. good. good ♪
♪ It's feeling good
Good. good ♪
So...
are you really that depressed?
Come here.
Thank you.
You were never invisible to me.
Stop.
Jessie. what are you doing
next Saturday?
Um...
I need to run a few tests
at the hospital.
Call me after?
-Yeah?
-Yeah. Or...
I don't know.
Maybe I could come with you.
-Really? Uh...
-Yeah.
I mean. it could take a while.
I don't mind. I mean.
what else would I be doing?
-Okay.
-Yeah.
I'll see you Monday. all right?
Casey...
I'll see you Monday.
Max. I'll see you. too.
Bye. Allie.
Michael. wait.
You still didn't tell me.
So what
are you doing tomorrow?
I don't know.
You tell me.
Hey. singer.
I'm sorry for being
so sensitive before.
You have your reasons.
Sorry for being so doom
and gloom all the time.
Yeah. well. I guess
you had yours too.
Thank you.
You're gonna be okay.
Casey. you got a ride?
Um. yeah. she's coming soon.
Okay.
I'll see you around?
Yeah.
See you. Jess.
Bye. guys.
And I think
you're a great singer.
Sure you don't want me to wait?
No. I'm good.
All right. Well. uh.
you've been on
those sunflower seeds. huh?
All right. kid.
I don't wanna see you next week.
Jessie.
Oh. uh...
Thank you for letting
me use the guitar. Mr. Faulk.
I'm sorry.
I forgot to drop it off.
Oh. don't worry about it.
Listen. I was thinking.
there's that annual talent show
that the school has.
It's coming up in a few weeks.
Yeah. I know.
Well. you sing really good. kid.
Thank you. Mr. Faulk.
You know. someone once told me
that you did. too.
No. it was a hack.
I wanna see you
at that talent show.
What?
Keep the guitar.
You're gonna need it.
-Are you serious?
-Yeah.
don't worry about it.
Just don't tell anybody. okay?
Because I have about
a shred of a reputation
to protect around here.
Thank you. Mr. Faulk.
♪ Some things go wrong ♪
♪ But life carries on ♪
♪ Yeah. we'll be just fine ♪
♪ We're gonna be just fine ♪
♪ Forget your sorrows
Live for tomorrow ♪
♪ Enjoy the ride ♪
♪ Take your time
Enjoy the ride ♪
♪ Some things go wrong
But life carries on ♪
♪ Yeah. we'll be just fine ♪
♪ Forget your sorrows
Live for tomorrow ♪
♪ Enjoy the ride ♪
-Let's go.
- ♪ Enjoy the ride ♪
♪ One step at a time ♪
It's okay. Go.
♪ Keep one foot
In front of the other ♪
♪ Don't pull back
just keep moving further ♪
What are you doing here?
I want to see you.
For what?
I swear I had so much to say.
I'm just a little nervous.
Oh. before you say that.
I wanna apologize
for what was said before.
No. Oh. my God.
No. I'm sorry.
Look. I just-- I don't think
I really understood
this morning. like...
Understood what?
Who I was. Who I am.
What makes me--
I. um. I just...
Well. I'm glad
you came back.
Really?
Really.
-Really. really?
-Really. really.
You know.
today didn't go so good.
Well. the day is not over yet.
It's true.
So in that case. there's someone
I'd like for you to meet.
What are you talking about?
I'm Jason Walker.
Pleasure to meet you.
Pleasure meeting you.
Uh. can I walk you home?
Um...
-I live a few miles away.
-That's okay.
Sunshine. I think
I can hear the birds chirping.
Honestly. there's nothing
I'd rather do.
Um. okay.
Okay?
I can take this by the way.
Thank you for grabbing it.
I can also take your jacket.
Thank you.
♪ If you take a little time... ♪
What did you write for that.
Uh...
A few things.
Oh. by the way.
you got an A.
What? Really?
♪ And every single time ♪
♪ You feel you'll fall behind ♪
♪ Just take a deep breath ♪
♪ Let it all unwind ♪
♪ Oooh ♪
♪ Ohh. oh. oh ♪
You can do this.
♪ Oooh ♪
♪ Ooh. oh. oh ♪
♪ It doesn't matter
Where I've been ♪
How I got this feelin' ♪
♪ This feelin'!
I got this feelin'! ♪
♪ That I'll be all right! ♪
♪ Never know where to go ♪
♪ It doesn't matter
'Cause I got this feelin' ♪
♪ This feelin'!
I got this feelin'! ♪
♪ That I'll be all right! ♪
♪ Oooh ♪
♪ That I'll be all right!
I got this feelin'! ♪
♪ I got this feelin'! ♪
♪ That I'll be all right! ♪
♪ Never know where to go ♪
♪ It doesn't matter
'Cause I got this feelin' ♪
♪ This feelin'!
I got this feelin'! ♪
♪ That I'll be all right! ♪
♪ Sometimes
I stare out the window ♪
♪ Thinking where did
The time go ♪
♪ Hard to breathe ♪
♪ The clock it ticks
I cover my ears ♪
♪ There are screams
No one else hears ♪
♪ No one knows what I need ♪
♪ Then one thing sets me free ♪
♪ Oh. I am much more
Than what you see ♪
♪ I got the music here in me ♪
♪ And I am. I am
I am the remedy ♪
♪ Yeah. the music
Makes me whole ♪
♪ Can't kill the passion
In my soul ♪
♪ And I am. I am
I am the remedy ♪
♪ I am. I am
♪ Keep coming out
With that feeling ♪
♪ Never seen I am stealin'
When I'm in the flow ♪
♪ Was once
A fragile infraction ♪
♪ Now the beats
Got me in rupture ♪
♪ Yeah. it's moving me slow ♪
♪ So let's save lives
Let's go ♪
♪ Oh. I am much more
Than what you see ♪
♪ I got the music here in me ♪
♪ And I am. I am
I am the remedy ♪
♪ Yeah. the music
Makes me whole ♪
♪ Can't kill the passion
In my soul ♪
♪ And I am. I am
I am the remedy ♪
♪ And when the mirror
Tells me I'm not worthy ♪
♪ I tune into
That sweetest sound ♪
♪ And no disease
No nothing can own me ♪
♪ When I'm singin'
I'm on higher ground ♪
♪ Yeah! ♪
♪ Ooh. ooh ♪
♪ Can't kill the passion ♪
♪ Hey. Here in my soul ♪
♪ There's a remedy in me ♪
♪ I am much more
Than what you see ♪
♪ I got the music here in me ♪
♪ And I am. I am
I am the remedy ♪
♪ The remedy ♪
♪ Yeah. the music
Makes me whole ♪
♪ Can't kill the passion
In my soul ♪
♪ And I am. I am
I am the remedy ♪
♪ I am. I am the remedy ♪